(intense music)
All right, listen
up we were the ones
who cornered the
bandits first, got it?
So you guys move to the
rear and back us up!
Ha! That's just too bad.
Because we're gonna-
Iwabe! Come on, let's
move to the rear.
What? No way!
Bandits! Right there!
(bandit grunts)
All right, guys! Let's go!
Right!
Huh?
Hey, wait!
[Namida] Tsubaki!
-(Tsubaki grunting)
-(bandits grunting)
(Big Bro grunting)
[Tsubaki] You're
not getting away!
(Big Bro screaming)
Oh, nothing happened.
(Big Bro fearfully breathing)
The boss is the only
one that's left.
We can handle the
rest ourself...
Ah!
[Iwabe] Leave the rest to me!
-Hey, you guys!
-Oh, come on, no!
(opening theme music)
-(dramatic music)
-Tsubaki!
Look, what's the deal?
What happened out
there on that mission?
What are you talking about?
Come on, you know
exactly what I mean!
I'm talking about
allowing Team 5
to take all the
credit, of course!
If you'd used your Snowstorm
Slash like that one time,
we could've caught those guys.
So why didn't you use
your full power, huh?
It hasn't been working
very well lately.
Are you being serious?
Are you hiding
something from us?
I'm not hiding anything!
[Metal Lee] You're
on the same team,
so you really should
not be fighting.
[All] Huh?
Oh, it's just you guys.
All right, what do you want now?
Oh, please don't be so angry.
We're just on the way back
from turning the bandit boss
over to the Leaf Police
Force, that's all.
Our super capable team's
not like some other
super incapable team.
What the hell did
you just say to me?
You wanna go or what?
[Wasabi] The way
you just barge in
-really bugs me!
-(sighs) In the Land of Iron,
it's considered shameful
for teams on the same side
to bicker with each other.
You cannot become a
full-fledged samurai
if you do such things.
-(Iwabe sighs)
-(girls chuckling)
Oh, wow! I'm really
impressed, Tsubaki.
[Iwabe] What's up
with that, Denki?
Why are you complimenting
someone on another team?
It's important to
acknowledge others,
even if they happen
to be rivals.
(gasps) The rectangle lit up!
I'm sorry about that, Denki.
Tsubaki isn't very used
to seeing machines yet.
What are you even talking about?
The Land of Iron has many
things just like this!
(chuckles) Tsubaki, actually
everyone, come take a look.
What is all this?
Oh, well, I simply charted
out everyone's abilities
and my calculations indicate
that Tsubaki's skills
are far ahead of any genin's.
-Is that the truth?
-What? Seriously?
Ah! Well, then it seems this
rectangle is a
trustworthy object!
Huh?
Over there, is that?
[Denki] Yep, that's you
and Namida's data, Wasabi.
Oh, man.
Looks like we're
gonna have to try
a little harder than
we have been, huh?
It's not just you two, either.
Even Team 5 can't hold
a candle to Ms. Tsubaki!
Wow, that is amazing.
I cannot allow myself
to fall behind!
Yeah, I guess that
I'd really better
start training
harder from now on.
(chuckles) Honestly, this
is just to be expected
of a samurai.
Hmm?
What's this chart?
[Denki] It's Team 15's
monthly performance score.
[Iwabe] It looks like
since Tsubaki joined,
their score's been going down!
No, that simply cannot be true!
You mustn't trust a mere
rectangle such as this one!
I thought you said that it
was a trustworthy object.
Sorry, but I'm sure
the data's correct.
Huh, in fact,
since Tsubaki joined their team,
they have not surpassed our
team's metrics, not even once!
Well, no wonder it doesn't
feel like we're losing to them!
No matter how good
an individual is,
it doesn't mean anything if
the team doesn't do well.
(laughing)
Hey come on, Iwabe!
See you guys!
[Metal Lee] Please wait for me!
We will overthrow Team 5!
Going forward, Team 15's goal
will be to surpass Team 5's
score no matter what happens!
Is this seriously why
you called us out here
right before a mission?
(grunts) What are you saying?
Aren't you frustrated
losing to Team 5 every time?
Well, sure, of course I am, but-
If we wish to beat Team 5,
we each must work to improve
our individual abilities.
(Wasabi scoffs)
Lord Mifune, whom I respect
very deeply, once said to me,
"Man is a sword.
The one who continues
to polish themselves
can become a hero."
Those were his words!
But what specifically do you
suggest that we do, then?
Well, let's see.
Merely training
aimlessly isn't likely
to garner any better results,
so I suggest that we
take up a challenge.
[Both] A challenge?
That's right.
We will have a
competition to determine
who within the team performs
the best on missions.
You mean we wouldn't just
be competing against Team 5,
but we'd be competing
against each other, as well?
That's correct.
If we compete with each
other, it will create tension
and push all of us
to grow stronger.
Huh, you know, that
sounds interesting!
And I say whoever distinguishes
themselves the most
should get treated to whatever
they want by the other two.
Sounds marvelous.
It seems like fun.
I'm getting excited!
Well, now that's decided,
I won't lose, got it?
This probably isn't good.
At this rate, I'm going
to be a bit sluggish
before the day is even done.
-Damn it!
-Oh well.
I'm just so mad!
Huh?
Wow, that's amazing!
But don't you ever get
bored eating only fries?
No, I don't at all.
May I help you?
Wow, that is seriously
a lot of fries!
If this keeps up, all of
my paycheck is gonna end up
being used to pay
for Tsubaki's fries!
I definitely won't lose again!
-(Sarada laughing)
-Just what are you guys
up to anyway?
(intense music)
[Wasabi] Gotcha!
[Namida] See ya!
All of you guys have been
unusually motivated lately,
and your scores have
really improved, too.
I'm going to win
the next contest!
What? No way, I'm gonna win it!
Wrong! The next one's
gonna be mine, too!
A really great thing, isn't it?
So, um, everything's gonna
turn out okay, isn't it?
Yes! I swear that I'm going
to capture all of the bandits!
I shall not fail!
No, I'll do it!
I'll be the one to catch
them! I'll show you!
Uh, no, that isn't what I meant.
Let's just retreat for now!
[All] You're not getting away!
Hey! Don't leave me!
But I...
(chuckles) I can't believe
they actually fell for that!
They've just made our
work super easy for us!
Ah!
It seems that Leaf Shinobi
have really lost their touch.
[Hanabi] I know, right?
[Both] Huh?
Who the hell are you?
(Hanabi chuckles)
-(attacks thudding)
-(bandits screaming)
All right, that's
all taken care of,
but those kids are still
in need of a good scolding.
Every one of our efforts today
was completely fruitless,
so we must redeem
ourselves tomorrow.
Hold on, isn't tomorrow-
The boar hunting mission
that we'll be handling
together with Team 5!
I vow not to fail tomorrow!
[Hanabi] About that.
[All] Huh?
[Wasabi] Hanabi Sensei!
I'm afraid that
I can't allow you
to go on tomorrow's mission.
[All] Huh?
[Hanabi] Due to
your failure today,
only Team 5 will be
allowed to go tomorrow.
-But that's not-
-Please just hold on!
There's no doubt
that we failed today,
but for tomorrow's challenge,
we're definitely going to-
That's all the more reason.
[All] Huh?
I'm not trying to say
that competing is wrong,
but because of the contest
that you've been holding,
there could have been
tragic consequences
to the mistake that
you made today.
(all sighing)
Because this is still
a relatively new team,
there's something
much more important
than merely improving
your performance scores,
so please think about that.
Also, try to cool
your heads a little.
[Tsubaki] Dearest Mother,
some time has passed
since I came to the
Hidden Leaf Village,
and since then, I
have grown accustomed
to life amongst the shinobi.
I have been on several
difficult missions
with my assigned team,
but of course, they
have proceeded smoothly
since I, being a samurai,
am present on them.
[Denki] Ms. Tsubaki!
Oh, it's all of you.
We will do our best to
make up for your absence
during the boar
hunt mission today!
At this rate, I guess we'll
be surpassing you guys
in this month's
mission score, too.
Hey, come on, Iwabe!
[Iwabe] Hey, Denki! We're
gonna leave without you!
[Denki] Huh? Wait!
When it comes to individual
ability, I'm winning, though.
(gentle music)
Is that all you're
having today, too?
What's up?
Yes, Boruto? May I help you?
Well, I noticed you've
only been eating fries,
so I got a little worried.
Fries are more than
adequate for me.
(Boruto sighs)
And what is the meaning of this?
The true value of Thunder
Burger is in the meal deal.
Whether you believe that
or not, just try it out.
No, I refuse.
(grunts) (chuckles) Come
on, don't be like that.
Look, eating it all together
makes you appreciate how
good each individual part is.
Try it!
(sighs) Okay, but just one bite.
Sure, that's fine!
All right, go ahead
and eat up, then!
Now try it along
with some fries.
[Tsubaki] (gasps)
This is amazing!
[Boruto] (chuckles) Well?
[Tsubaki] On its own, it...
Once you start to
taste the saltiness
of the burger and the
fries mixing together,
it's time for this!
(energetic rock music)
This combination!
The taste of each
individual item
brings out the full
flavor of the others!
Right? Isn't it delicious when
you eat all of them together?
Indeed! This is what they mean
when they talk of flavors
being in perfect harmony!
[Sarada] Boruto!
Aren't we meeting to
review yesterday's mission?
Oh yeah, right! I'm
sorry, I forgot!
Oh, but these are-
Don't worry about
it. It's my treat!
It'll make me happy
if Thunder Burger
just ends up
getting another fan!
Sorry to keep you guys waiting!
What were you doing anyway?
Hey, hold on, didn't you
order anything to eat?
Oh, uh, I just forgot!
(wood thudding)
(Wasabi heavily breathing)
[Wasabi] Hey, Tsubaki!
So this is where the two of you
have been this entire time.
Well, we really do need to train
and get as strong as possible.
I just don't understand it.
We're trying so hard,
but then, why aren't
we able to beat Team 5?
What's up, Tsubaki?
Are you feeling
sick or something?
Of course not! But
listen, I just-
[Namida] Hey, you guys?
[Both] Huh?
I think that I just
heard something
coming from inside the forest.
(villager groaning)
Yeah, you're right. I can
actually hear something, too.
It's kinda like
a groaning sound.
You think that
maybe it's a bear?
[Tsubaki] (gasps) Over here!
[Wasabi] What is it?
(Wasabi and Namida gasping)
(villager groaning)
That's not good!
Namida, go and notify
the Police Force!
[Namida] Got it!
Tsubaki, will you come
along and help me?
Of course.
(sighs) Thank you guys
so much for saving me!
No problem. What
happened anyway?
Well, I was guiding the
Leaf shinobi to our village
for the boar hunting mission,
but then, practically
out of nowhere,
we were attacked
by some bandits.
And after that...
They just tied you up and
just left you out here,
is that right?
Hold on, then that means the
one who's with Team 5 is...
Thank you very much for coming!
So, Wasabi.
(ominous music)
Is something the matter?
[Villager] No.
We've just reached our
destination, that's all.
What? But isn't the
village farther ahead?
(Iwabe lightly grunts)
We're not actually going
to go to the village.
Hmm?
Ah!
Iwabe?
They have gotten us cornered.
Yeah, we're
completely surrounded.
What are you talking
about, you guys?
(bandits chuckling)
What's going on?
(group gasps)
The gall of you pathetic genin,
daring to capture
my big brother.
Big brother?
Wait, could it be that...
Does he mean the bandit
we caught before?
Thanks for taking care of him.
And now, instead
of hunting boar,
we're just gonna play
with you a little!
(shurikens clanking)
[Iwabe] What? You guys!
[Younger Bro] The hell?
Wasabi!
Denki.
We've sent for backup,
so until Hanabi Sensei
arrives, let's hold them.
Right!
(angrily grunts) All
of you, go get them!
(bandits yelling)
Let's do this, you guys!
Iwabe, Mud Wall on the right!
Okay!
And Metal, you attack.
Engage the enemy head on!
Understood!
[Iwabe] Earth Style: Mud Wall!
(Metal Lee grunting)
(bandit chuckling)
[Bandit] Ow!
Denki, please be more
aware of your surroundings!
Yeah, well, I simply figured
that you'd be there to cover me!
[Tsubaki] Each member covers
for the others' weaknesses
while bringing out
their strengths as well.
This is just like the-
(all grunting)
Hey, Boss!
Huh? Damn it!
Let's just retreat! Follow me!
[Iwabe] Why that.
Iwabe! Just hold on!
Huh?
Ms. Tsubaki!
We'll take care of things here,
so, Team 15, please go and
take care of the others!
We leave it to you!
[Wasabi] Hold it right there!
Huh? (snickers)
Up above!
You guys. You two okay?
This is nothing.
Seriously? There's
even more of them?
(bandits chuckling)
I'm still little more
than just a blunt blade.
What are you talking about?
All three of us
must somehow become a
hamburger meal deal!
[Both] Huh?
So instead of
merely having fries,
we must become more like
a hamburger meal deal,
each one of us bringing
out the best in the others.
So, uh, what's that mean?
What's essential for
Team 15 to succeed
is strong teamwork.
We have to bring out the best
in each other's abilities.
You're totally right. Good call.
Studying and using what
you've learned are important,
but what comes
first is teamwork!
[Wasabi] Okay, well, now that
we understand each other,
what are we gonna do
about this situation?
[Tsubaki] Just leave it to me.
[Namida] But you said
your Snowstorm Slash
wasn't working too well.
The Snowstorm Slash is
a lethal single strike.
If I misjudge the
amount of power,
it can become a
double-edged sword
that puts my own
life at risk as well.
That's why
I'll put my trust in you two.
Wasabi, please
create a smokescreen
so I may infiltrate them.
[Wasabi] Got it.
I don't know what you're
gabbing about over there,
but just go get them, you guys!
(bandits yelling)
Team 15, begin the assault!
-Okay!
-Right!
Now! Cat Surprise!
What?
Heh, just one little brat?
Take her down, you guys!
Very well. I'll proceed
at my full strength.
Secret Sword Snowstorm Slash!
(bandits groaning)
(energetic rock music)
(Younger Bro panicking)
(groaning) Namida, the
rest is in your hands.
Tsubaki!
Huh?
Ah!
[Wasabi] He's getting
away! Go, Namida!
On it! Tsubaki's efforts
will not be in vain!
(yells)
(Younger Bro screams)
Ha! Gotcha!
(group sighs)
You guys, you...
[Wasabi] You okay,
Tsubaki? Hang in there.
How did this happen?
I told you before.
The Snowstorm Slash is a
double-edged sword, so I...
Oh, no!
Right now, I'm still
only a blunt blade,
so I shall have to
train a lot harder.
-Tsubaki!
-Tsubaki.
It's quite wonderful
to have friends
that you can put your trust in.
From now on, we should
do many more fun things.
-(both gasping)
-Tsubaki!
Hey, come on, Tsubaki,
hang in there!
Open your eyes! Please!
Tsubaki!
(Tsubaki snoring)
[Both] Huh?
Hold on a sec. Is she-
[Wasabi] Asleep?
(guys laughing)
It appears that she simply
exhausted all of her chakra
and then fell asleep.
Then, is this what she meant by
it being a double-edged
sword? (sighs)
(closing theme music)
(uptempo rock music)
[Hanabi] Himawari, what do
you want to be in the future?
[Himawari] Huh? I haven't
decided on anything.
[Hanabi] I see.
I kinda thought you
were already dead set
on becoming a shinobi.
[Boruto] Himawari can
decide what she wants to be
for herself, can't she?
[Hanabi] You're right.
Oh, hey, wait! They're
holding one of these soon.
Do you wanna go?
[Boruto] Next time on "Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations",
"Himawari's Ninja
Trial Session."
[Himawari] A one-day
Academy trial session?
Sounds fun! I'll go!
(closing theme music)